Decision Making in coala
========================

|Metadata|                                                                    |
|--------|--------------------------------------------------------------------|
|cEP     |0001                                                                |
|Version |2.0                                                                 |
|Title   |Decision Making in coala                                            |
|Authors |Lasse Schuirmann <lasse@gitmate.io>, Mischa Kr√ºger <makman@alice.de>|
|Status  |Active                                                              |
|Type    |Process                                                             |

Abstract
--------

This document describes how important decisions affecting the coala community
may be determined.

This cEP describes a voting based decision making level with several levels
of decisions. Higher levels need more people to agree with the decision.

Roles
-----

The following roles may be involved in decisions:

### Members

Contributors may be promoted to members with a level B decision. Members have
normal voting rights as described below.

Decision Types
--------------

### A Level Decision

An **A Level Decision** may be carried out by any member of the coala
community, for example a code review. If there is a disagreement between two
members, they may resolve this in a discussion or determine a B level decision
instead.

### B Level Decision

A **B Level Decision** may be carried out by two or more members of the coala
community. The decision in favour or against the proposal may be determined if
two more members are for it than against it (or against it than for it
respectively).

If no agreement is possible, a C level decision can be made.

### C Level Decision

For a C level decision, a vote must be officially announced at the coala
members channel and via the coala-members mailing list. The vote must be up for
at least one week and is available to all members.

For a decision to happen, a simple majority of all participating members must
exist. If the same number of members is in favor as against the decision, no
decision is made and discussions may continue.
